it's a slow ride to the mind of a
dreamer and evil creatures breathing
down your neck he's trying to eat you
with scary dangers bloody hands and a
cup of either sip and smoke he gave me a
choice for you either feel that a low
back or grab a pen and wager evils
remember what it's like broken looking
doing needles speak low ignite the fire
deep inside the rigor mortis goes away
as soon as you start telling lies and
don't you cry because tears are only for
the weak listen up instead and blew the
smoke between is tea I tried to reach
you for the good but never was there
such a visas when I grabbed up all the
roots and pulled the trees below my feet
I'm here to teach and guide you do this
hell shake the wheel up take a picture
for some show and tell chase the wealth
swing your bell keep laying that injury
words elves but I don't know that's not
the mode I'm trying to melt I'm here to
help
I overcame the pain I felt learn the
lesson every time I took a bruiser Jaina
well so what the hell why you wanna
bring me down with you you got me
singing quicker than if I was wearing
concrete shoes you're such a coward is
the next thing that he said to me don't
you want revenge you should get back at
your enemies well the truth is the world
has fucked me more than once like my ass
in jail and took away my father's love
oh yeah and oh the countless
ex-girlfriends they crawl into my head
just so they could start a whirlwind the
bullies in school that were too cool
that be my friends the doctors take it
was right to public it up full of meds
maybe you're right revenge should be my
next
grab the gasoline and let it burn until
there's nothing left no regrets this
isn't a presentment via sympathy is what
I'll call my arsenal and a fir-tree
fucked and open focused on the thoughts
that I'm upholding and sanitary rods
every single mine that's golden showing
me just what it's like to be frozen in
the night now shake the tree and watch
the ample fall the fruits no longer ripe
I feel a fight building up it's time to
execute you heard the proof the reason
why I learned to tie a noose with the
swoosh ride I started for the front door
headed for the shed adrenaline was
pumping through the core outside with
the devil there the battle of my actions
and vision in the world as a pile of
ashes and right before I grab the people
and a pack of matches I realized I was
simply dreaming sleeping on my mattress
what just happened I can't believe it
as real as it seemed that's where I
heard the devil speaking he almost had
me man I probably should have fled
instead I stood still and all these
words are in my head it might be easy to
be breathing while you're sleeping but
sickly while you're awake is a decision
a decision it might be easy to be
breathin while you're sleeping but to
quit while you're awake is a decision
it might be easy to be greeted while
you're sleeping but to quit while you're
awake is a decision decision it might be
easy to keep breathing while you're
sleeping but to quit while you're awake
it's a decision